DATA TYPES

1. Name four of the main data types in Python 

    Numbers, strings, lists, dictionaries, tuples, files, and sets are generally considered the main types of data.
    Types, None, and Boolean are sometimes also classified this way. The integer, floating-point, complex, fraction 
    and decimal are numerical data types and simple strings and Unicode strings in Python 2 and text strings and byte 
    strings in Python 3 are the types of string data types


2. What does immutable mean and what three types of Python core data types are considered immutable?

    An immutable data type is a type of object which cannot be modified after its creation. 
    Numbers, strings, and tuples in Python fall into this category. 
    Although you cannot modify an immutable object in place, you can always create a new one by running an expression.


3. What does sequence mean and which three types of data fall into this category?

    A sequence data type is a collection of objects ordered by a specific position. 
    In Python, Strings, lists, and tuples are the data types based on sequences. 
    The Sequences share common sequence operations, such as indexing, concatenation, and slicing, but also have type-specific method calls


4. What does mapping mean and what kind of data type is based on mapping?

    A mapping type is a data type comprised of a collection of keys and associated values.
    Python's only built-in mapping type is the dictionary. Dictionaries implement the associative array abstract data type.


5. What is polymorphism and why should you care?

    Polymorphism means that the meaning of an operation (like a+) depends on the objects being operated.
    This turns out to be a key idea behind good use of Python, not coercing code to specific types makes 
    that code automatically applied to many types.


6. What do you call a value that doesn’t have decimal values?

    An integer


7. What do we call it when we convert from one data type to another?

    casting


8. How Will You Check If All the Characters in a String Are Alphanumeric?

    Python has an inbuilt method isalnum() which returns true if all characters in the string are alphanumeric. 


9. How Would You Remove All Leading Whitespace in a String?

    Python provides the inbuilt function lstrip() to remove all leading spaces from a string.


10. What Is the Difference Between Del and Remove() on Lists?

    del removes all elements of a list within a given range.
    remove() removes the first occurrence of a particular character.


11. Differentiate Between append() and extend().

    append() adds an element to the end of the list.
    extend() adds elements from an iterable to the end of the list.


12. What Is the Difference Between a List and a Tuple?

    Lists are mutable while tuples are immutable.


13. What Is Docstring in Python?

    Docstrings are used in providing documentation to various Python modules, classes, functions, and methods.


14. How will you capitalize the first letter of string?

    The capitalize() function in Python capitalizes a string's initial letter.
    It returns the original text if the string already contains a capital letter at the beginning.


15.What is the best way to add values to a Python array

    The append(), extend(), and insert (i,x) procedures can be used to add elements to an array.


16. What is the best way to remove values from a Python array?

    The pop() and remove() methods can be used to remove elements from an array.
    The difference between these two functions is that one returns the removed value while the other does not.


17. How can you concatenate two tuples?

    tup1=(1,"a",True)
    tup2=(4,5,6)
    print(tup1+tup2)


18. How do you get a list of all the keys in a dictionary?

    One of the ways we can get a list of keys is by using: dict.keys()
    This method returns all the available keys in the dictionary.


19. How will you remove duplicate elements from a list?

    list0 = [2, 6, 4, 7, 4, 6, 7, 2]
    list1 = list(set(list0)) print (“The list without duplicates : ” + str(list1))


20. What is the type () in Python?

    type() is a built-in method that either returns the type of the object or returns a new type of object based on the arguments passed.